NIKO NIKO MART
-That's 1,000 yen.
-That will be 540 yen.
-This is so delicious.
-Exact change.
It's not a mere copy
of Heaven 11's chicken.
Great choice.
Thank you.
-Please come again.
-Thank you very much.
What kind of clerk talks
to the customers so much?
-I know a guy…
-Forget it.
We're expecting a robbery here.
Act like a store clerk.
I'm playing the role of
an atypical store clerk.
I thought you'd get it.
I think I'd be a pretty good actor.
Keep dreaming.
Stop goofing around.
This is a real stakeout.
You talk too loud, Mr. Jinba.
-I should've been the clerk.
-You said that yesterday.
One person entering.
-Mai-chan.
-Good evening.
-You're assigned here tonight?
-No. Our store's run out of products.
-Mai. Do you need a hand?
-No.
Who is that?
Another part-timer.
A foreign student?
She's from Vietnam.
There's a lot of them these days.
Stop wiggling your tail.
I don't have a tail.
She's your kind of cute isn't she?
I still don't get what it means.
-But from your reaction…
-Idiot. Idiot.
-What?
-Don't say that out loud. So indelicate.
You tease others
but you can't stand being teased.
Guys. Stop fighting.
We're not. Sorry.
Are the robbers coming?
We still don't know that.
Stores are being attacked one by one.
They only target stores
with Japanese clerks.
They must really hate Japanese.
The perps are foreigners?
It's often Japanese
pretending to be foreigners.
It's harder for Japanese
to call their bluff.
I can walk you back.
-You're on a mission here.
-I'm worried about her as a cop.
You're the threat.
Ibuki.
I like somebody.
Nice person. Charming. Ibuki, no need.
She doesn't need you.
You haven't recognized my charm.
Stop.
Let me show you…
-Bye-bye.
-Bye.
Wow.
She's a toughie.
Incredible confidence.
It's not that.
-You need to dive in to seize a chance.
-You just blew your chance.
I'm back.
Ah, you're finally back.
I'm taking a nap.
I'll be in the back.
JUNE 9 (SUNDAY)
P-STORE, 24 HOURS
Welcome.
Give. Money.
Give. Hurry up.
Now!
MIU 213 to No.2 MIU.
Robbery at P-Store Oizumi.
-Officers are handling the situation.
-Over there, huh?
-We're going to Oizumi.
-Roger.
They robbed another store.
-Mr. Jinba, look.
-What?
Two places at once?
Hey.
Money.
Money. Give.
Money. Give. Now.
Money? Money? Okay.
You'll get the money.
Hurry up.
I'm getting out the money.
MIU 217 to No.2 MIU. We have a robbery.
MIU 219 to No.2 MIU. We've a robbery too.
What is going on?
-Wait.
-Hurry up!
I'm putting it into the bag.
Okay. Hey, let's go.
Okay, go.
Come on.
Move.
Let go!
3:34 a.m. In flagrante.
You're under arrest.
Stop pretending like you're a foreigner.
Let go!
MIU 214 to No.2 MIU.
We've arrested two foreigners.
MIU 211 to No.2 MIU.
We've captured the foreigners.
Why?
There should be more.
In the back.
I'll check.
MIU 215 to No.2 MIU.
We've arrested the foreigners.
Why would they do this?
Go to, store. FaceNote.
-All these foreigners…
-Found it.
"Go to convenience stores."
"Hon Nerima. 3:33 a.m. on the 9th?"
They talked online and acted at once.
"Go to" can mean "robbery" in Japanese!
It's a pun.
HON NERIMA POLICE DEPARTMENT
It's crazy in here.
We made 19 arrests.
Mostly Vietnamese. We also have
Nepalese and Cambodians.
Most of them are ex-technical interns
that ran away from their companies.
They came here to work. Why run away?
They work on their feet
for 12 hours a day,
six days a week, and their pay is
80 thousand yen a month.
Clearly below minimum wage.
There's also racism, harassment
and a language barrier.
26 thousand have gone missing
in recent years as a result.
I heard about that from Gama.
Who's that?
Someone important to me.
Hello there.
Captain Ushiyama of No.2 MIU.
Hello.
You're the son
of Director General Kokonoe?
I didn't know his son was this old.
Let's not talk about my father.
Did we catch all perpetrators?
One got away.
What?
During a stakeout? Is No.2 MIU stupid?
Please excuse our untrained feral dog.
It's my responsibility. Ibuki, go home.
-You're Ibuki?
-Yes, I'm Ibuki.
-You've heard rumors about our moron?
-Yes.
The one that got away robbed
a store where a foreigner worked.
The clerk mentioned his name.
Ibuki. Call him.
Accomplice of the robbery?
Mai was?
I hate to say this too.
But about 2 million was stolen
from the three stores that I run.
Why did you have so much in your stores?
Leaving to make deposits
at night is risky.
Our store doesn't have an ATM.
I usually nap for two hours
and go to the bank in the morning.
The girl knew that.
She also knew where the money was.
She exchanged words with the robber.
He say, "Give money." I give money.
He say bring money from back.
I think he kill me. I scared.
I understand.
Why do you think he knew
that there was money in the back room?
I don't know.
I not robber.
We know.
What did you talk about with the robber?
You two spoke in Vietnamese.
Don't intimidate her.
Stealing…
bad thing.
I tell him so.
So, do you know what this is?
Miss Mai. You can go.
Take her home.
Okay, Mai. I'll drive you home.
Yes.
Captain Kikyo spoke with Captain Ushiyama.
If she's an accomplice,
she'll get in touch with the perp.
We use her as bait?
Plus, she might give up
something to Ibuki.
She already rejected him.
-You've been through a misfortune.
-Misfortune?
Yes. You know… Dangerous.
Falling down.
I am falling in love with you.
I like you a lot, too.
You touched me? You like me?
Love?
-So-so.
-Yeah?
She's a shrewd girl.
I doubt if Ibuki can handle her.
That's where you come in.
What? You can't be…
Says…
-Captain Kikyo.
-Big love?
Big love?
This is our car. The Melon Bread-mobile.
-Cute.
-Isn't it?
We'll be your bodyguard from now on.
Really?
What's that?
-Why?
-You saw the robber.
He was wearing a mask, but still.
The guy might come after you.
-Is this a good idea?
-Shut up.
I go home. Condition. You check me?
Right. You learn quicker than Ibuki.
Oh, okay.
I not guilty. No problem.
Stop getting ahead of me.
Start the car.
Okay. I'll start the car.
I said stop getting ahead of…
Good night.
-Good night.
-Bye now.
Mai!
Shima. Shima.
Is that the guy Mai likes?
Plus, a suspect of a robbery.
Tran Xuan Mai.
She's from Hai Duong, Vietnam. Age 28.
The man is Nguyen Van Nam
from Ben Tre. Age 22.
Same apartment, same Japanese school.
Good work. You can go home now.
Is 404 still on a stakeout?
No.2 MIU will fill in.
We'll be working
with No.2 MIU on this case.
As of the day after tomorrow,
I want 401 and 404 on these two.
HINO KASUGA JAPANESE SCHOOL
Mai and Nam both haven't missed a day.
They are excellent students.
Do some skip school?
There are schools like that.
Kids in such schools are free
to sleep in class or skip school.
They cram 50 students
in a 20-student class.
More tuition means more profit.
-Isn't that illegal?
-Yes.
A school got busted last month for that.
We're not like that.
Teacher Mizumori…
I'm not a teacher. I do clerical work.
My job is to prompt students to pay
their tuition before the due date.
That's a tough job.
Do you know if Mai
and Nam were struggling financially?
Everybody is struggling.
That's everybody.
Chinese kids from rich families
are the only exception.
80% of the students are
migrant workers in reality.
They are disguised as students.
Schools and the government accept
these migrant workers knowingly.
They get paid
30 thousand per month at home.
If they could earn
200 thousand per month here,
that's six months' worth at home.
So, they even get into debt
to come to Japan.
It's the Japanese dream.
I see.
-Did you notice it?
-Yes.
He was wearing
non-prescription glasses like me.
Not that?
He implied that Mai and Nam,
who are struggling,
may very well commit a robbery.
Wow. That's such a twisted interpretation.
-That was Kokonoe.
-And?
Nam has an alibi.
He was at a factory
on the evening of the 9th.
Yes.
That means Mai is no longer
a suspected accomplice.
-Wrong.
-Why?
One of her other friends
could be the robber.
Mai-chan.
How are you?
You follow me? I don't need.
It's our job. Sorry.
Sorry.
Don't worry. It's fine.
She's got strong legs.
She's not heading home.
The store, maybe?
She's not working today.
Is it a guy?
Is she going to meet a guy?
Is she hungry?
Hello.
Hey.
She works two jobs?
She is tough.
Thank you.
She works 27 hours a week at the store.
Foreign students
can only work 28 hours a week.
I'll be going now.
Good evening.
Make that three jobs.
At the end,
she went to a delivery company.
She sorted packages until morning.
Not a sustainable lifestyle.
-See you later.
-Be safe.
Working 28 hours a week
at 1,000 yen per hour.
That would only make 100 thousand a month.
Living expenses, tuition,
the loan to get to Japan.
100 thousand is far from sufficient.
-But she must have known…
-No, she didn't.
She must be astonished.
And Mai?
Was she in the rip-off?
-Rip-off?
-Robbery.
I don't know.
Seemed friendly with the interns
at the delivery company.
If they're among those that ran away
from unlawful employers,
one of them might have run out
of money and robbed the store.
Let's check what
they were doing on the 9th.
It doesn't make sense.
Something doesn't feel right.
Another vague theory of yours?
I feel nothing in my gut.
What's this about?
About love.
Love?
I don't know who Mai is into.
Nam and the others aren't it.
There's no intimacy.
Intimacy?
Don't take him seriously.
I have a hard time suppressing
the urge to punch him.
-You should go ahead.
-Really?
It's important to know
who Mai is in love with.
Mr. Mizumori.
Question.
"It's fine," meaning?
Japanese, hard.
I'm not a teacher.
Ask Mr. Aida.
I want to ask you.
You're doing well.
Concentrate on your studies.
Don't hang out with bad people.
Bad people?
Mr. Mizumori. What you do, night of 9th?
You go where?
I was home.
You said.
We go monjayaki. You promised.
-When no work?
-It's fine.
"It's fine"?
Okay?
No?
-Thank you for waiting.
-Thanks.
We asked for the salted one.
Salt? Not sauce?
-It's no problem.
-It's fine.
-It's fine?
-No, it's okay.
-There are so many foreigners now.
-It's ten times more than you think.
They're hidden from view,
working in factories.
We only see the elite,
those who speak Japanese.
Gama-san, you work for an organization
that deals with foreigners, right?
Yes.
A municipal support center for foreigners.
-I'm in the Buddy System.
-What?
A retired person like me pairs up
with a foreigner and gives advice.
So they don't get isolated.
I see.
They've crossed oceans to work here.
We must take care of them.
It's nice to know that there are
good organizations too.
As with anything else.
There are those who do it right,
and those who look
for shortcuts and cheat.
How's MIU? Can you handle it?
Piece of cake.
I'm indispensable to the unit.
They need me. They rely on me.
I exaggerated a bit. Quite a bit.
-Your partner?
-My partner?
Well…
His name is Shima.
He's suspicious of everyone.
He doesn't even trust himself.
It's a shame because he's really smart.
Gets on my nerves.
What stopped him from trusting himself?
Being suspicious of others is
essential if you're a cop.
It's the mark of a competent cop.
But if he can't believe in himself,
what foundation does he have?
It's like running on oil wearing
shoes with no rubber soles.
Is he all right?
Shoot, then.
It's fine with me.
He's a good guy. No problem.
-One more please.
-You haven't changed.
-You trust people too much.
-Come on.
You're the first guy who believed in me.
You taught me how to run straight.
That's how I became a detective.
You're my first and last mentor.
I'm Reporter Rec
of the Nightcrawler Channel.
Today's topic is, "The reason why
foreign workers vanish."
If you cover the expense,
I'll provide you the footage.
I'm investigating this tag,
GOTO KONBINI, on FaceNote.
Issues on foreigners have low ratings.
But it's still worthwhile.
People don't care about this topic.
TV needs to entertain families.
What?
This is why people think TV is obsolete.
Don't you have the will
to do something original?
I was being cool because you're my junior.
I take it back.
Come back.
What you've been waiting pho.
I saw that coming.
-It's so thin.
-It's Vietnamese udon.
Udon is wheat. Pho is rice.
Wow. You're so picky.
Let's eat.
Is this grass?
Coriander leaves. Delicious, right?
-Herbs?
-Coriander, I said.
Kyu-chan. It's time to chow.
Mr. Itomaki…
Hey, wait! You've spoiled it.
Ignore them. What about him?
The first post
of the Go To tag has been deleted.
-But he found the cache.
-Let's eat.
The account still exists.
It belongs to Fun Kuan.
He's from Ho Chi Minh.
What does this say?
The computer's translation
didn't make much sense.
Anybody speak Vietnamese?
I doubt it.
I know a guy.
He's not a cop but I can ask him.
"Respond to irrationality
with irrationality."
Respond to irrationality
with irrationality.
-"We've the right to steal money."
-That's right.
We've the right to steal money.
But my buddy says the syntax is a bit off.
A Japanese must've written this.
Japanese?
A Japanese wrote it?
Please check.
-I didn't think you'd really…
-I wanted to cut ties with you asap.
You hate me so much…
even though I lent you 10 million.
Now, I've repaid all of my debt.
I need your signature.
Shojiro Mizumori, age 27.
His temp staff agency
went bankrupt and left him indebted.
He then worked for a supervising
organization in Kawagoe.
He speaks entry-level Vietnamese.
He got a job at a Japanese school
after the organization went bust
when it was ordered
to suspend its business.
The organization was in charge
of the management of trainees, right?
Yes.
It received illegal kickback
from sending organizations abroad.
300 thousand per trainee.
300 million for 1,000 trainees.
It's a cash cow.
You should work for us again.
No, thanks.
Your pay at the Japanese school
can't be good.
It looks like you
haven't learned your lesson.
I still have four organizations
that have been approved.
Human capital will soon arrive
from abroad again.
100 of them to start.
We're going to be busy.
From Vietnam?
The word's out over there.
We're done with Vietnam.
Where then?
There are plenty of third-world countries.
We won't run out of human capital.
Vietnam and Japan. Many similarities.
Eat rice. Like noodle. Buddhist.
Long shape.
-Shape?
-Yes.
North and south. Different characters.
A little bit fight.
East Japan and west Japan?
Oh, yes. See? Same.
We get along.
I am fired?
Why?
My wife is worried. She wants you to quit.
I didn't do it!
I'm not robber.
I do nothing. I talk to your wife.
Sorry.
I really am.
Cruel.
Talk to manager.
I no want get fired.
Did you tell someone where the money was?
Our manager, careless. No good.
Sales, lots of money,
throw to chest in back office.
Dangerous.
So, that's the end
of our extended investigation?
For No.4 MIU.
Back to our regular duties.
I wanted to arrest Mizumori.
We've no evidence to convict him.
How's the disclosure request
on the Internet message coming?
The server is in the US.
We'll have to be patient.
What's a server?
Sounds like saba.
-That's a fish.
-Correct.
-Yes?
-Unbelievable.
-Horrible. Everybody liar.
-Mai-chan?
I hate this world!
She said she hates everybody.
You understand?
I don't but that's what she said.
Welcome.
Mai-chan.
-Late. Come quick when called.
-Sorry.
Japanese men slow. Not thoughtful.
We're sorry.
I'm very fast.
Super sonic.
-You drink?
-Are you listening?
We can't drink.
We're off duty, so we can have a little.
A little bit, fine.
Just a little bit.
Come on, Shima.
Shima.
Yeah, yeah.
The set is 2,000 yen per hour
for one person.
That was quick. Is this whisky?
Yes, yes.
Vietnamese whisky.
Let's drink. Cheers.
Cheers.
Shima.
I've got to go.
Get her talking.
Hey, Shima.
Why Japanese no like foreigners?
What? I like them.
We're all friends.
Friends, yes?
Yes, friends.
Then why so mean?
We come here to work.
Japanese, not enough workers.
We work hard. Good match.
Vietnam. Many Japanese appliance.
Many Japanese companies.
Beautiful.
Cool.
Everybody want go. Dream.
But, Japan no need us.
What Japan want is…
no complain, no talk, cheap.
Working robot.
I no want to hate Japan.
Hey there faithful dog.
I'm not your dog.
You're a feral dog
that breaks away from the leash.
Referring to someone as
a dog is very rude in Vietnam.
You just did.
What's worse is referring
to someone as a snail.
It's timid and hides
in its shell. It's weak.
A snail, huh?
You know…
I didn't know what to tell her.
Is the government's crime our crime?
-What the hell?
-Even if I say I'm sorry,
the hundreds of thousands of people who
were turned into robots won't be saved.
How do we all stay sane?
We don't see the problem.
It's easier not to see it.
Once you see it,
the world seems distorted.
When you realize that, you either run
or shut your eyes again.
Is that what you did?
Realizing something made you
stop believing in yourself?
-Hey.
-What the…
Get away from me.
I'm just sensing
something suspect from my partner.
Stop sniffing me like that.
Forget about me. We're talking
about Mai and Mizumori.
If Mai's into Mizumori,
he could be the perpetrator.
He thought she wouldn't talk.
If he exploited Mai's feelings
to rob a store, he's a real scumbag.
He probably is.
Really?
Mai-chan fell in love with a scumbag?
When Mizumori learnt of the robbery,
he thought of an idea.
Simultaneous robberies
will keep him undetected.
So, he solicited people
on social media to rob stores.
That's an ultra hyper twisted view.
Unlike you, I'm cut out to be a cop.
-You police dog.
-That's not a dis.
-You, snail.
-I'm not a snail.
-I'm a fast runner.
-I know.
Anyway, if you are right,
can I punch Mizumori?
No. Just arrest him.
Mai might not be able to pay
her tuition because she got fired.
Which will get her expelled,
then deported.
A 30 thousand-yen salary
isn't enough to repay her debt.
She's mortgaged her house and field.
It'll break up her family.
She's in an impossible situation.
-Shima.
-What?
-Do something.
-Don't dump it on me.
Can I punch him?
-No. Stop threatening me.
-Come on. What are we going to do then?
We've done our part.
You're cold.
Our next duty is to support No.2 MIU
in Hon-Nerima,
which is close to the Japanese school.
Stopping by at the school
can't be a problem.
Shima-chan.
What?
Stop that.
HINO KASUGA JAPANESE SCHOOL
Hello.
Are you still looking for the robber?
Listen…
I've come to tell you
that Mai may get arrested.
Arrested?
You're very surprised. Are you worried?
Well, she is our student.
Why would an admin guy be so worried?
Why…
Why would she get arrested?
You see…
She spoke with the robber in Vietnamese.
We looked at her lips
on the surveillance footage.
She was saying "why" in Vietnamese.
Unless proven otherwise,
she's our suspected accomplice.
She didn't do anything.
It's so unreasonable.
Can I ask you one thing?
How do you say "unreasonable"
in Vietnamese?
I'm not a teacher.
But you used Vietnamese
in your previous job.
A little. I'm self-taught.
Self-taught? Oh, I see. So, that's why.
You had one word too many.
"Unreasonable" in Vietnamese
would be bat cong.
But the message read bat cong binh.
Binh is unnecessary.
Though comprehensible,
a native speaker would never say that.
You posted this message, right?
Can we talk about this?
I'm entitled to refuse.
"Respond to irrationality
with irrationality."
"We have the right to steal money."
Mai and 19 men who reacted
to your call are in trouble.
And you got away.
Unreasonable, isn't it?
Speaking of unreasonable,
what is happening
in this country is unreasonable.
Our government claims
they don't welcome foreigners.
Yet, hundreds of thousands
of "students" or "trainees" work here.
Although a small island country,
we have the fourth largest
foreigner population in the world.
Do you know why?
To have boxed lunches
in stores at five in the morning.
To deliver newspaper.
For a cheap, convenient lifestyle.
I'm supposed to feel guilty
about it alone?
-You got a problem? Tell the government…
-Shut up!
I'm not talking about all those people.
I'm talking about
a single person named Mai.
She longed to live in Japan.
I'm talking about
the life of a single person,
the life she can only live once.
You've been good in here.
You told me to wait,
so I believed in your competence.
You couldn't convince him to come?
No, but he is guilty.
Will he confess?
If not, we find evidence and arrest him.
Right on.
Alright.
Take money, bad thing.
Why?
This is who I am from the start.
From the start.
Unless proven otherwise,
she's our suspected accomplice.
She didn't do anything. It's unreasonable.
We can't wait for the disclosure.
We need evidence.
Just hack something quick.
I can't do that.
You, snail.
Yes, I like humidity. Hey.
I'm a spider.
Spider.
-Remember that.
-You should apologize.
Sorry.
It's a new post by Fun Kuan.
Is he trying to gather robbers again?
3:00 a.m.
That's in an hour.
Seriously?
What is he thinking?
Can't he act alone?
He neither confesses nor flees.
He gets desperate and destroys.
I'm going to arrest him no matter what.
MIU 404 to No.2 MIU.
We found a post hinting
a robbery on FaceNote.
It will take place
at 3 a.m. in Hon-Nerima.
We're leaving Shibaura now.
How many robbers will gather this time?
We'll see.
There's no tag this time.
What is that for anyway?
What is this tag?
Leave me alone. I'm thinking.
This time it's 3:00 a.m.
Last time it was at 3:33 a.m. on the 9th.
Three three three?
-Like the beer.
-Beer?
Three threes.
You want to know? I can tell you.
No thanks.
333 BEER
COUNTRY OF ORIGIN: VIETNAM
-It's the numbers.
-What? Numbers?
Nine is a lucky number in Vietnam.
Three threes equal nine,
so this is lucky too.
So, 3:33 a.m. on the 9th is very lucky.
But three alone is ominous in Vietnam.
Today's post is telling
others not to come.
It's like a secret code.
Mizumori ain't fixin' to gather crooks.
I did it.
Did he have an accent?
He did have an accent.
Why doesn't he want to round up robbers?
-Oh. It's to…
-Show us.
-Where do we go?
-Mai's store.
-Okay.
-Wait, wait.
-The siren.
-What? Why?
This van is such a pain!
Emergency vehicle coming through!
The money, now.
I'll kill you.
Hand over the money.
He's already here.
He's five minutes early.
He jumped the gun.
Mizumori.
Hey.
MIU 404 to No.2 MIU.
Robbery at the
Niko Niko Mart Shakujii Store.
Perp is running toward the station.
-Toward the station.
-Roger.
Amazing.
Japan is amazing.
Mr. Mizumori.
What?
What sad?
I've helped many people come to Japan.
300 people.
400 people.
Over 500 human capital.
Human capital?
When I'm with you,
I think about each and everyone of them.
Mr. Mizumori.
First time, Japan. Gave kindness.
Very gentle.
I like you.
Love.
I love you.
I'm not a good person.
I'm a cowardly, weak snail.
Mr. Mizumori?
What happen?
Mizumori.
Get out of my way.
Is he trying to get caught or what?
Move! Get out of the way!
Look out. Get away from him.
I'm Japanese.
I'm the robber and I'm Japanese.
Don't do this.
Foreigners must stay away from Japan.
Mr. Mizumori?
Please give way.
Let us through. Police.
Mizumori.
Stop.
Don't come to Japan.
This country won't treat you
like a person.
Get back!
This country won't treat you
like a person.
They buy you by the bushel,
then tell you to leave.
They throw you away.
They buy you by the bushel,
then tell you to leave
when they're done with you.
They throw you away.
The Japanese Dream is a lie.
Mr. Mizumori.
-Mr. Mizumori.
-Stay away.
Mr. Mizumori.
They'll think you're an accomplice.
-Mai…
-Mr. Mizumori.
-Stay away.
Stay away.
Look.
Beautiful.
Right?
It's beautiful.
ROBBER SHINES LIGHT ON DARK SIDE OF JAPAN
It looks like politicians were
behind this organization.
Of course it would take something
radical to take them down.
Mameji is elated as if he were
in charge of this case.
Some say No. 4 MIU's been acting up.
404 just happened to be there.
They say you made No.4,
so you could do as you please.
That's ridiculous.
Be careful.
Many guys don't want
to see a lady captain.
What are they afraid of?
I'm just here working.
-Monjayaki for you.
-Monja? This?
It's delicious.
Food?
Yes. Of course it is.
-You've applied for Specified Skill No.1?
-Yes.
Specified Skill No.1?
It's a new system. Applicants sign
a contract directly with the employer.
Equal pay is obligatory.
If I get hired,
I work at hotel in Okinawa.
Full-time, okay.
This time, maybe…
it's fine.
-Delicious.
-Right?
Delicious.
-This, delicious.
-Delicious, right?
-Bye.
-Take care. Bye.
I hope she meets good people.
It's not going to be easy.
See? You're cold.
I wonder…
if Mizumori is feeling a bit better.
By claiming his sin and being judged.
He noticed the deviated world,
and wore fake glasses
to pretend not to see it.
I guess he couldn't go on like that.
-Sounds complicated. Break it down for me.
-Why are you wearing fake glasses?
What? Because they are cool.
Aren't they cool?
These are sunglasses, by the way.
They are cool.
Say it like you mean it.
Come on. Lunch break is over.
Is he all right?
You trust people too much.
SHIBAURA POLICE STATION
-Was that Shima?
-It was.
He's with MIU now.
That partner killer is still here?
Partner killer?
His statement led to the suspension
of multiple supervising organizations.
What?
You want to air my video on TV?
Seriously?
130,000 SUBSCRIBERS
It's too late.
5,012 FOLLOWERS
Talk about a surge.
MY NAME IS GAKU NARIKAWA
PLEASE HELP ME
I NEED YOUR HELP
Mr. Narikawa.
PLEASE HELP ME
I NEED YOUR HELP
Mr. Shima's partner did die.
What have you learned?
I'm risking my life here.
I want to know what happened.
It's not for you to examine for kicks.
What good will that do?
Let's see if you can.
You're going to get it.